##Part A##
##Submitted by: Tim Ribaric##

###Additional packages###
Most of the code is vanilla Python however the following extra packages are required:

	- deap - Distributed Evolutional Algorithms in Python (https://github.com/DEAP/deap)
	- numpy - Python Package to handle heavy numeric calculations (http://www.numpy.org/)
	- matplotlib - Python graphing package (http://matplotlib.org/)

There are some other helper scripts written in bash, they mostly manipulate the data for it can be analyzed for the report


###Producing the Data###

1. Heavy lifting is done in `assign1_part_A.py`. This file utilizes the DEAP package to create a genetic programming expression/terminal set and to intialize other values.  To fulfill assignment requirements you'd run it like the following: `python  assign1_part_A.py paramSet1 function_point.csv 5`
2. The `logbook` objects generated by DEAP are then saved in the _logs_ directory. Similarly the best GP individuals found in each run and details about them are written to `best_sols.txt`
3. Run `gen_data_part_a` to reset all log files, execute 10 runs of parameter set 1, then 10 runs of parameter set 2, and write out some text files that allow for an easy calculation of the AVG/Best of the Runs
4. Use LibreOffice Calc to find the adjusted average/best of the 10 by 10 runs after `gen_data_part_a` is completed. Saving those into 4 different text files. `AVG_1.txt` as the average average of param set 1, `BEST_1.txt` as the best individual averaged. Similarly with param set 2. (ie. `AVG_2.txt` and `BEST_2.txt`)
5. `graph_fitness.py` will open the text files of average/best run info and generate charts.


###Other files###

- `blast_out` - bash script to delete logs and blank out best solutions text file
- `function_point.csv` - 20 random points from the actual polynomial being fitted
- `gen_function_points.py` - randomly creates the points for `function_point.csv`
- `paramSet1` - GP parameters for the first run of GP. (Outlined in report)
- `paramSet2` - GP parameters for the second run of GP. (Outlined in report)
- `smash_columns` - Helper Bash Script to made the multi-dimensional text file of run data
